---
layout: default
title: "Who I am"
tags: about
---

## Hi

I'm a guy who called it quits before the last hurdle of Chartered Accountancy to change my career's direction and get into finance and investment management. I just thought "better late than never".

After working in a hardcore Auditing firm, I moved over to the Startup world where I was involved in valuations, analysis and creating excel models so complicated that it made marriage seem sweet.

After a short stint there, I decided to take advantage of the supportive equity markets and decided to freelance as an Investment Advisor to a few known people.

Fast forward a year and three quarters, I was taking care of Investments : Analysis, Management & Advisory in a Fast growing Multi-Family office in Bangalore, IN. Managing inflows, allocations, taking some tough macro, technical calls all while on a continuous supply of fresh brewed coffee.
During my time there, we expanded our Investments outside the shores, the assets had grown three-fold, the downside protection was remarkable, and we began getting steady inflows on the backing of a robust fund research model and behavioural analysis model that I developed which in itself is quite unique to the Family Office Structure of business.

After a hectic run, pulling 20 hour workdays, I realised I needed rest if I have to save the last few strands of hair on my head. So, for a good 4 months took a professional detox.

At present I trade for a Large Proprietary Trading Firm.

Through these years, many things have changed, but, one thing that hasn't is that I sit to work dressed like everyday is a casual friday, enough diet cola to flood pompei again in one hand, and earphones with Angus Young shredding the guitar solo on Whole lotta Rosie. That's pretty much the guy that I am.


I love music, although I have specific artists and genre that I adore, and many I disregard. If you're interested in that, do have a look at the My Music File.

If I wasn't sitting in front of the terminal, I'd rather be out on the porch on my Arm chair, sipping a glass of cognac, having Lous Armstrong and John Denver warm up the place.