---
layout: default
title: "About Me"
tags: about
---

## Hiya there.

I'm a guy who looks somewhere between 28 and 45, having gone through multiple failed marriages although I've been fortunate enough to have not endured one till date. (Fingers Crossed)

To give a view at how my career progressed, I called it quits before the final hurdle before I became a Chartered Accountant, to change my career's direction and do stuff that I loved - Macro and Investment Management. I just thought "better late than never".

After working in a hardcore Auditing firm, having audited some of the largest corporations, I moved over to the arena of Angels and VCs where I was involved in valuations, analysis and creating models so complicated that it made the over dramatic spanish telenovelas seem sweet and simple.

After a short stint there, I decided to take advantage of the supportive equity markets and decided to freelance as an Investment Advisor to a few known people.

Fast forward --> I was handling Investments : Analysis, Management & Advisory in a Fast growing Multi-Family office in Bangalore, IN. Managing inflows, allocations, taking some tough macro, technical calls all while on a continuous supply of fresh brewed coffee.
During my time there, we expanded our Investments outside the shores, the assets had grown three-fold, the downside protection was remarkable, and we began getting steady inflows on the backing of a robust fund research model and behavioural analysis model that I developed which in itself is quite unique to the Family Office Structure of business.

After a hectic run, pulling 20 hour workdays, I realised I needed rest if I have to save the last few strands of hair on my head. So, for a good 4 months took a professional detox.

Made a shift to a Large Proprietary Trading firm, where I was specialising in Fixed Income and Interest Rate Futures. Trading days and nights through countless firsts in the space -> Historic Inflation, Historic helicopter money, Fed Pivots (or the lack thereof), a War, it was quite the fun run if you ask me.

But, as the Fed neared more or less a stable approach, and were about to actually pivot, and give us the next boring decade in the FI and STIR markets, I just couldn't find it in myself to continue working where I wasn't continually challenged to my expanding limits. Made yet another move, this time to a large Global Commodity Arb Hedge Fund. Quite a niche, and that caught my attention.

<i> There can be a million algorithms that can be working on markets, but, just as fast as alpha moved out of the archaic managers of the 80s to the algo executions of the 90s and 00s, it is moving away from even the algorithms themselves. Call it a curse or the inevitability of exploiting so much that there is nothing left to exploit, that it catches up to you and bites you in the rear. </i>

I pride myself on being the human who takes trading calls, telling my terminal when and where to trade, and bring in alpha.

Through these years, many things have changed, but, one thing that hasn't is that I sit to work dressed like everyday is a casual friday, enough diet cola to flood pompei again in one hand, and earphones with Angus Young shredding the guitar solo on Whole lotta Rosie. That's pretty much the guy that I am.

The only Gym I do is Jim Beam and If I wasn't sitting in front of the terminal, I'd rather be out on the porch on my Arm chair, sipping a glass of cognac, having Lous Armstrong and John Denver warm up the place.
